A thriller about a religious cult, Save Me.
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(All organizations, locations, religions, and characters...)
(in this drama are fictitious.)
Please help me accept you with all of my heart.
I need just a little more time.
Until the day the fruit will ripen to perfection,
I will wait.
You should never swallow the pills Apostle Kang gives you from now on.
Listen to me if you want to save Sang Mi.
I feel like there are so many devils in this place these days.
Shove her head in there.
Oh, yes. I remember now.
That place is being broadcasted on the internet these days.
What do you mean?
Oh, you used to go to a church in Daegu that just got broadcasted?
I bet you're now realizing whom you guys were messing with.
I think they caught Jung Hoon and took him there.
I think we should test Sang Mi...
if she's truly capable of becoming...
our Spiritual Mother.
With the fire of our Almighty...
With his hot fire...
Hong So Rin.
I look forward to working with you.
If you go that way into the forest,
you'll get to a stream with a small bridge.
You can meet my friend there and get help from him.
(Episode 15)
Almighty must love me very much.
I mean, who thought I'd run into you right here?
Aren't I right, Reporter Hong So Rin?
No! Please forgive me.
Please don't...
Gosh... Don't kill me.
Please don't kill me!
No! Please don't!
Why did you sneak into Guseonwon to begin with?
You graduated from a good university and became a reporter.
If your parents see this, their hearts will shatter to pieces.
Aren't I right?
I hope you go to the paradise and gain salvation, Ms. Reporter.
Dong Cheol, I just got here,
but that reporter isn't here. Something must've happened to her.
I'll file a missing person report.
If I report her missing, those jerks will try to bury it again.
It might actually give us a chance to catch them.
Hello?
Sang...
Hwan...
Mom?
It's your mom.
Are you sure that Reporter Hong escaped safely?
Yes, but I'm worried...
because it seems like she didn't meet Sang Hwan yet.
For now, let's wait until he calls us.
Excuse me.
Spiritual Mother,
did you see Apostle Kang today?
What is the matter?
She's supposed to be leading the vigil today.
But she doesn't seem to be here.
I'll be doing it today.
As you all know,
for the last three years,
I was a sinner.
I showed hatred...
for the Almighty and the Spiritual Father...
in front of you.
- However, - Jo Wan Tae isn't here.
the Almighty and the Spiritual Father...
Did he...
They chose me...
as the Spiritual Mother of Guseonwon.
Brothers and Sisters of Guseonwon,
thanks to the Almighty and the Spiritual Father,
I have become a whole new person.
I am so happy right now.
He's wearing something different.
It's different.
When I think of meeting the Almighty...
next to the Spiritual Father as the Spiritual Mother,.
my heart feels so warm...
that I don't know what to do about it.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
- We believe it. - We believe it.
Do you believe that I am the scapegoat...
that will help you get rid of your original sin?
- We believe it. - We believe it.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
In that case,
let's give a big round of applause of gratefulness...
to the Almighty and the Spiritual Father...
who have blessed everyone here with grace.
I need to check what he was up to.
Man Hee, how is Jung Hoon?
Fortunately, he's fine.
I got the medical certificates as evidence.
I'll go to the police station tomorrow with him.
All right. Take good care of him today.
See you at the police station tomorrow.
All right.
Bye.
If we make it a big hospital with a sanatorium,
people will welcome it and stop opposing it.
This is probably what Baek Jung Ki wanted.
If we use him wisely,
we will be competitive with the henchman and Senator Park,
and we will get a better chance at earning more votes.
And I think it'd be better...
to move your wife.
What do you mean?
It seems like Sang Hwan has made a big fuss at Guseonwon.
They called us.
And it seems like he's been going to the police...
and working with Detective Lee.
Really? I must have overlooked my son,
thinking he was too young to do anything.
If we get a hold of your wife,
Sang Hwan won't be able to do anything much.
Mom. Mom.
Mom.
Mom. Did you move by yourself?
Your... father...
Where is he?
Man Hee.
I need to ask you a favor.
You just need to help me take my mom out of the hospital room...
and take her to my uncle's.
Okay, I will be there.
See you later.
What? Is there a problem?
I need to go outside for a moment.
Do you have time to watch over him until I come back?
I'm late for work.
We're only disturbing him by making noises here.
Let him sleep well.
Let's leave him to rest alone.
Okay.
Spiritual Mother.
Why...
are you cleaning this room?
Apostle Jo asked us to clean this room.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Apostle Kang is looking for you.
It's all right. You should go.
It seemed urgent.
In that case, we'll be right back.
Yes.
Did he find her?
I think...
something must have happened.
It was like this...
when Jeong Gu died.
They cleaned his room afterwards.
Killing someone...
is no big deal for these people.
(Muji Daily)
Sang Hwan, I think something must have happened to the reporter.
I'm at Muji Daily.
I'll check right away.
This is what he was wearing in the morning.
What is this?
(Karaoke Bar, Bixie)
It's wet.
He did change his clothes.
If you go over the mountain,
you'll find a river with a bridge.
The river.
You really didn't get any calls from Reporter Hong?
No.
But what is this about?
I know everything.
She escaped from Guseonwon, and she was going to meet me.
But I can neither find her nor call her.
Is this true?
We need to report her to the police as a missing person.
The chief of police and Guseonwon...
have joined hands, so they might not process it.
Then write an article about her going missing after infiltrating...
a religious cult undercover to do a story on them.
The police chief and Guseonwon have joined hands?
He's not the only one.
My dad too. Everyone is connected.
You mean Governor Han?
Will you really be able to disclose all this?
You're basically strangling your father with your own hands.
If I tell you...
that I can't do it,
will you be able to bury the truth fully knowing it?
Hey, Man Hee.
What did you say?
(Karaoke Bar, Bixie)
Where's your mind at these days?
Go back to Seoul if you'll keep this up.
What did you do to Mom?
How dare you glare at me like that?
I moved her to a better hospital.
- I was worried about her, so... - Worried?
Dad.
Do you know what this is?
That's your mom's voice recorder.
That's right.
Why did you bring it?
I must say, you've said so many things to her.
Remember when I pushed you?
Do you know how it made me feel?
The thrill you get when you slaughter an animal.
That's when I realized how much I really...
hate you.
Dad.
You've done horrible things to Mom,
and you're such a cruel person.
I'll tell the whole world about it.
Sang Hwan.
I think there's been a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding?
How can you lie to me again when there's evidence right here?
Give me that.
No.
Dad.
Don't forget everything you've done...
because you'll have to pay for all of them.
Sang Hwan!
Will you really corner me like this?
Mr. Han.
How can this be happening?
If Sang Hwan finds out that we're keeping his mom,
he won't be...
able to disclose it.
After all this time...
That voice recording must not be disclosed.
Ji Hee.
Yes.
You and I are on the same boat, you know.
If they take me down, you'll go down with me.
You got that?
Yes, Mr. Han.
Chief Lee, I need you to unleash your hound.
Whom do you need to hunt down?
Han Sang Hwan.
My son.
Pardon?
Hello, are you looking for someone?
Oh, did Mr. Jo leave anything here?
Mr. Jo? Who is that?
Mr. Jo Wan Tae.
- Oh, Wan Tae. - Yes.
He didn't leave anything here.
That's weird. He told me that he left his wallet here earlier...
and asked me to pick it up.
He is a regular here,
but he didn't come today.
I guess he's becoming forgetful because he's been drinking a lot.
- Sorry to bother you. Take care. - Wait!
Gosh, you're pretty cute. You should stay for a drink.
I'll come with Mr. Jo another time.
- I'm sorry. - Will you do that?
(Bixie)
Sang Hwan,
I know that you're looking for your mom.
Give us that voice recorder.
Then you can meet your mom right away.
Listen. If you lay even a finger on my mom,
I'll teach you a lesson. You got that?
Hey there, prince.
Come on. I think we have some business to take care of.
Get out of my way.
If you get on my nerves now, I'll make you regret it.
Hey there, prince.
Come on. I think we have some business to take care of.
Get out of my way.
If you get on my nerves now, I'll make you regret it.
Just give me that voice recorder, and you won't have to see me again.
I told you to get out of my way.
You little...
I have to take this to make some money off of it, okay?
Sang Hwan!
Sang Hwan, are you okay?
By any chance, did you hear to which hospital my mom was...
being transferred when she was checking out?
Mr. Han's secretary said that the order came from him,
so we just did it for her.
We don't know anything else.
Sang Hwan.
I'm trying to get elected as governor again...
for your mom.
If I become the governor,
your mother will wake up again.
Three years ago,
I made a wrong choice because of my mom.
And I couldn't help...
Sang Mi...
or Dong Cheol.
I don't want...
to regret the same thing again.
First,
we need to go to the police and Guseonwon.
Yes.
Hello.
If you're listening to this, you must have...
done something you shouldn't have.
Father, I have trusted you until the end.
But now I know...
that a wrong trust can be dangerous.
Now I know exactly how...
it can hurt so many people.
You shouldn't do this.
It's too late. You should come back tomorrow.
I need to see someone.
Gosh, how dare you!
I said you can't come here.
Let me go.
You two should go now.
But, Spiritual Father...
It's all right.
I have Apostle Im by my side.
- Yes. - Yes.
Come in.
Sergeant Woo is like a father to me.
When I was young, my father died in a car accident,
and I lived with my sick mother.
And he even paid for my university tuition fees.
Is that so?
You must be grateful.
Don't you think so too?
Yes, Sergeant Woo has a pure heart.
That must be why he was chosen by the Almighty.
You are all crazy.
Pastor Baek, you must know very well what I am talking about.
If you take advantage of him again like this,
I won't let it slide.
Do you understand?
Officer Choi,
there must be a misunderstanding.
A misunderstanding?
Apostle Im,
please give us some space.
Of course.
I know that there are dozens of...
homeless people that Sergeant Woo is taking care of.
Do you think it would be okay...
if a father-figure like him gets hurt because of you?
What?
Do you think that's all?
His son and wife would be so shocked.
Do you think that Sergeant Woo...
and his family would be...
able to withstand the criticism of the world?
What if...
he makes the wrong choice?
Do you think you will be able to...
cope with all of this?
If you really think of him as your father,
you should go home quietly.
That's the only way you can repay him...
for what he has done for you.
It's all right.
Lift your head, and look at me.
Now.
You will be...
of great use to the Almighty.
If you listen to me carefully...
and finish this job well,
you can get out...
and go to paradise.
Do you understand?
I can...
get out?
If you go outside, you will see the devil...
in the form of a female police officer.
The devil.
Female police officer.
Devil. Female police officer.
Don't be afraid.
You just need to trust me.
Yes, Governor Han. How have you been?
Hello,
you're the Spiritual Father, right?
Why did you call me at such a late hour?
I came to pray at night,
and you came into my mind.
Really?
You must be so upset...
because of the protests from the villagers.
The Almighty has told me...
to help you get rid of such worries...
during my prayer.
Really?
I heard that many of the villagers who were protesting...
were believers of Guseonwon.
It is my mission to lead such believers well...
in times like this.
Then how do you want me to show my appreciation?
You crazy scum. Gosh.
I need a loyal guard that will be able...
to protect the Almighty.
What is this?
There's a place called Guseonwon far away from here.
You should go and stay there until it gets quiet.
Did you say Guseonwon?
What? You know about it too?
There's a place called...
Guseonwon 20 minutes away from town.
It's a great church. You should come visit.
I'll make you a better person.
Do you want me to repent or something?
Don't do anything stupid and...
watch someone called Baek Jung Ki until the governor gives orders.
Gosh, is the governor...
trying to become the master of everything?
Gosh, he is greedy.
Have you seen anyone who's not?
- Oh, my. - Here.
Someone went missing.
Help me find her.
Who?
A woman called Hong So Rin.
- She's a reporter. - A reporter?
Are you talking about that reporter...
who just got reported missing by Muji Daily?
Yes.
Does she have something to do with Guseonwon as well?
Her identity got revealed while she was working undercover.
She was locked up, but she managed to run away.
She went missing at Muji River...
that's near Guseonwon.
I'm going to start investigating Guseonwon tomorrow morning.
Really?
So come with your friend tomorrow, and tell me where...
- your friend was locked up. - Okay.
Just a second.
Dong Cheol, we need to meet right now.
Dong Cheol. Dong Cheol.
The police and I are going to that place where Jung Hoon was locked up.
Jung Hoon told me that there were other people locked up there.
He even saw some people die there too.
But they might expect Jung Hoon to tell everything to the police.
Do you think they still keep them there?
You're right. I'm kind of worried about that.
If you fail to catch them tomorrow,
I'll just reveal my identity and get locked up myself.
Then I'll try to look for other people who got locked up.
- That's too dangerous. - We have no other choice now.
We have to do this.
I don't even know what's going on inside Sang Mi's head anymore.
Jung Hoon.
What brings you here?
Did my dad go somewhere?
He's out on patrol. Is he not answering his phone?
No, I just came in while I was passing by.
I'm glad you're here. Stay here until I come back from the bathroom.
Okay.
My sister's birthday.
My birthday?
My goodness.
What are you doing here?
I just came by.
Why didn't you answer my calls? Where are you?
Jung Hoon, you should go home first.
If you want to know where that reporter went,
come look for me quietly.
Are you okay now?
You're in this with them, aren't you?
No, I'm not in this with anyone. They're just my friends.
What do you want?
Why do you keep trying to get in our way?
Do you really believe that Spiritual Father leads you to paradise?
Or do you just wish to believe so?
The believers here told me that...
you also once sacrificed...
your daughter into becoming the Spiritual Mother.
Did your daughter also tell you...
that Spiritual Father was real?
- What do you know? - If you...
really believe that Spiritual Father leads you to paradise,
you can go ahead, and tell him about my identity.
But if you wish to see...
if he's real or fake,
you should sit back and watch.
Because we're going to reveal...
that he's fake.
I'm sure the Almighty will...
cleanse this place.
Right?
You're going to burn all the bad sins...
of this place...
with your hot fire,
and make it into a brand new place, right?
Am I right?
Young Hee.
Young Hee, listen to me.
I think you're mistaken.
- Young Hee. - Why did you do this?
You said I should be careful of what I eat.
No, that's not it.
Mr. Woo.
- You should just confess. - Young Hee, let me explain.
I didn't do it on purpose.
I just kind of got myself involved unknowingly.
Young Hee, watch out!
Mr. Woo!
You devil!
You must die...
- in order for us to go to paradise. - Mr. Woo.
Are you okay? Please wait a little bit.
I might as well just break everything into pieces.
Dad.
Dad. Dad.
What... What happened?
Don't worry. Fortunately, he didn't get severely injured.
They said he's good to go.
Are you okay, Dad?
Can you excuse us for a while?
Sit down.
Jung Hoon.
You're not going to...
hate me, right?
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
Jung Hoon.
I want you to...
listen carefully to what I'm about to tell you.
Well...
He's the one who entered our property without permission.
Doesn't that make us the victims?
Yes, you can report him. He'll have to pay a fine.
Chief, there's nothing here.
- What? - I think...
he came in here out of curiosity and just lied because...
he thought he wouldn't be able to get out of it.
What? I saw it with my own two eyes.
Hey!
It was built during the Korean War. We're using it as a warehouse.
How many times must I tell you that there's nothing here?
Why can't you trust me?
Did you find what you were looking for?
I guess there was a misunderstanding.
I'm sorry to have caused a fuss from so early in the morning.
How strange.
We have nothing against you.
But you seem to disagree with our religion,
and you keep trying to defame us.
From what I know, you even...
secretly came in here once before.
I came in because this place smelled nasty.
Hey.
If you keep doing this,
we're no longer just going to sit back and watch.
Why? Are you going to kidnap me and lock me up?
- What did you say? - I'll forgive you.
So please leave.
This is how generous he is.
He forgives everyone for everything.
"Forgive"?
I never asked you for your forgiveness.
Chief, these guys are all lying right now.
They're all in this together!
Stop it. That's enough.
My gosh.
Hey.
You shouldn't do this.
Please leave.
(Spiritual Father's Room)
Yes, come in.
Don't just stand there. Please sit down.
From now on, you and Dong Cheol...
will stay by my side and guard me.
- Pardon? - It is your duty...
to act as gatekeeper of paradise.
Okay.
What are you doing right now?
Do you have a problem with...
what our Almighty wishes to do?
What are you doing?
I'm gatekeeping.
My gosh, this is ridiculous.
I'll see you again, Mr. Gatekeeper.
Mr. Gatekeeper, Mr. Gatekeeper
I can't believe this.
See?
He may have met our Almighty long before you,
but if you fail to pray diligently,
your heart will be filled with distrust...
and arrogance like him.
Both of you will be able to get on the first class seats...
of the Boat of Salvation on the Day of Salvation.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
What's going on?
I don't know what the governor's hiding here,
but he asked me to stay here, and keep an eye on him.
Sang Hwan's dad asked you to come here?
But I heard he asked the governor to...
send him someone to guard him.
That means he doesn't trust anyone here.
I can already sense that Jo Wan Tae has done...
some dirty deeds.
They're all just similar people fighting for similar things.
- Jo Wan Tae? - Yes.
How do you know him?
I saw him once at a karaoke bar.
"Karaoke bar"?
Joon Gu.
I'm pretty sure you already know,
but this isn't an ordinary church.
You should be careful.
(Karaoke Bar, Bixie)
I wonder when he's going to go here again.
Apostle Jo.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Shouldn't you be by Spiritual Father's side?
I just got really worried.
I heard that the police might do an open search on Guseonwon...
because Hong So Rin suddenly disappeared.
This place is special, so they won't be able to enter without permission.
So don't worry.
By the way, I'm not going to be back tonight.
So call me if you need me for anything.
Okay?
It must be today.
Oh, okay.
Drive safely.
Okay.
I think he's going to Bixie right now.
(I think he's going to Bixie right now.)
He's really here.
I'm glad we listened to Dong Cheol and waited here for him.
My gosh, do you think we'll be okay?
When did we ever think about that before we did anything?
Let's begin.
Hello? Dong Cheol?
What do you think?
I'm here to spread the honor and glory of our Almighty.
Why did you call? The Spiritual Father?
Why does he want to see me?
I'll call you later.
Are you Jo Wan Tae?
Why does he want to see me?
I'll call you later.
Are you Jo Wan Tae?
The police are going to investigate Guseonwon soon.
That means you won't be able to walk around like this for long.
You must be acing up because you're the governor's son.
Do you think things will go your way?
Guseonwon was built on a special land that was chosen by Almighty.
How many times must I tell you that it's not a place...
where you can enter without permission?
I think things will go my way.
The police told me so.
You should talk more politely for someone who's younger than me.
Do you think the police will even be able to find anything?
You already checked with the police that there's nothing strange there.
If we...
find the person you murdered,
the story will unfold differently.
- What? - I already know that...
you were at Muji River last night.
I also know that you met Reporter Hong So Rin there.
You took her into Muji River and killed her,
didn't you?
What kind of nonsense are you talking about?
I know you weren't...
in Guseonwon at that hour.
The clothes you were wearing...
were also wet in muddy water.
I heard they found Reporter Hong's shoe at Muji River.
Thankfully,
we have a witness, so we've already recorded that person's testimony.
As soon as the police investigates and finds her body,
I'll be able to send you to prison.
Really? Then I guess...
I should check that recording.
You foolish scum.
I even killed Hong So Rin.
Killing you will be a piece of cake.
Let's hear that witness' testimony. Let me hear it.
Come here.
These rats...
You little...
You pieces of... How dare you!
Hey, you guys. Break it up.
Stop.
You punks.
What do you mean I killed someone? Me?
Whom did I kill? You saw everything.
All three of these punks came at me.
They randomly accused me of killing someone and started beating me up.
Chief, you know...
that I believe Almighty. How can I kill anyone?
I even killed Hong So Rin. Killing you will be a piece of cake.
You punk. I'll teach you a lesson.
I lied to him and said that I have a recording of a witness statement,
but he tried to kill me as soon as he heard it.
And whether we assaulted him or acted in self-defense...
will become clear if you watch the CCTV footage from that camera.
- Arrest him. - Yes, sir.
Chief, I can explain...
Gosh, what are you doing?
I'll recite your Miranda rights.
- You have the right to remain... - You scum.
You have the right to remain silent.
How dare you tell me to keep still? You punk. If I catch you, I'll...
- Hey, Han Sang Hwan! - Guys, bring him to the car.
- Yes, sir. - Why are you doing this to me?
I really didn't do anything!
I'll be sure to teach you punks a lesson. How dare you!
- Shut it, and get in the car. - I really didn't do it!
I did nothing wrong! Darn it!
We have a recording of your confession to killing Hong So Rin.
You were also behind Officer Choi getting stabbed.
I heard you paid the homeless guy to do it.
Why did you do that?
What? Stab whom?
He confessed to us that you asked him to do it.
I asked him to do it?
Baek Jung Ki, that piece of...
Mr. Jo.
Let's not waste our energy like this.
Let me use the washroom.
It looks like this will take a long time. Aren't I right?
Jo Wan Tae just got arrested.
Seriously?
Then is he the one...
who killed Reporter Hong?
Listen to me carefully.
Go to the cult leader, and tell him who I really am.
- What? - This is the only way we can...
shake that place upside down.
What on earth are you thinking?
If he finds out that I'm Sang Hwan's friend,
he'll lock me up in the basement storage with other people.
Those people who disappeared today are the most crucial evidence.
You need to blow my cover in order for us to bring the truth to light.
You have to do it to gain his full trust.
I can't do that.
It'll be too dangerous for you.
I'll go down there.
Don't. I'll do my very best,
so you should do your best too.
Dong Cheol.
I'll do what you asked me to do, but you have to do me a favor too.
I'll have...
a spiritual wedding with him.
What?
I'll record everything that disgusting jerk does to have me.
It's the most solid evidence we can get.
- Sang Mi. - Baek Jung Ki, that scum.
He let me go once, but he absolutely won't give up this time.
I know that he'll try to have me...
at all costs.
- Have you lost your mind? - No.
I'm totally sane.
I finally have a clear idea...
of what I can do to take him down.
You guys should come to where I am.
Just before he gets...
what he wants, barge in and save me.
Do you really have to do this?
I came back here because...
I no longer...
want to fear them...
or run away from them.
I plan to destroy this place with my own hands...
so that I can save Sang Jin, Mom,
and Dad who's lost his mind because of those scoundrels.
I will...
save them at all costs.
- Detective. - What?
I can't unzip my pants because of these cuffs.
Please help me out here.
Hey, get him!
That rat!
Don't let him get away!
Get him!
Hurry!
Hey, stop right there!
- Get him! - Gosh!
Hey!
That crazy jerk.
Stop right there!
It's here.
Why are you so dressed up? I told you to wear something comfortable.
I had no idea there was a place like this here.
This is the paradise, the true paradise.
Yes, totally.
Here, all of your pain and loneliness will go away...
because Spiritual Father will heal you.
- That's right. - Oh, really?
- Let's go in. - Okay, let's go.
(Guseonwon)
- Hello. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
You must know it too.
Evil energy started to fill up this place.
If we don't purify ourselves of this evil energy soon,
the Boat of Salvation...
might sink.
- Pardon me? - If that happens,
Sang Jin, Sang Mi,
and your wife...
won't be able...
to reach the paradise.
Well... Spiritual Father.
Is there any way we can prevent it?
After the morning service tomorrow,
Sang Mi and I...
will have our spiritual wedding.
Okay.
To stop the evil energy from growing further,
you must...
prepare for the spiritual wedding as soon as possible.
Okay. Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Apostle Kang.
What did Spiritual Father...
say to you?
He gave me a new revelation...
in regards to the spiritual wedding.
By any chance,
did he say...
that the Boat of Salvation might sink?
Apostle Kang.
Evil energy started filling up this place.
If we don't purify ourselves of this evil energy soon,
the Boat of Salvation might sink.
The spiritual wedding between Yu Ra and I...
should be expedited.
Apostle Kang.
I'll take care of the preparation from now on.
Please continue to pray and help me out.
- We believe it! - We believe it!
- Our wishes will be fulfilled! - Our wishes will be fulfilled!
Sang Mi.
Come forward.
Now, the time is here.
Tomorrow at dawn,
you and I...
will have a spiritual wedding...
and become one.
I will be...
at your service.
My savior.
My eternal life.
My...
Spiritual Father.
(Save Me)
You use those who are powerless to fulfill your ambitions.
You're just like the cult leader.
Both you and my dad...
are exactly like that cult leader.
When you're a little older, you'll realize...
that there isn't much difference between what's fake and real.
Is that how you lead your life?
I'll never live like that.
I told you to bring the voice recorder...
if you want to see your mom.
I think...
she misses you a lot.